update CONTRIBUTING file (#2605)
BuilderIO/qwik: CONTRIBUTING.md

> ## Guidelines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Contribution Guidelines
```

Reviewer: this is in case we change `CONTRIBUTING` title

Author: what about Contributing Guidelines?

Author: @kapunahelewong which title do think is better?

Reviewer: Maybe let's just go with a tried title like React:
<img width="660" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6682981/212023308-02803f48-65de-4538-b944-a7f1e8515385.png">

So: `contributing to qwik`

> Thank you for coming this far, below you will find the guidelines to be able to contribute to the project in the best possible way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you for taking an interest in contributing to Qwik! 
We appreciate you 🫶🏽  
Below are the guidelines how to help in the best possible way.
```

### Submitting an Issue

> Before creating a new issue, it is good practice to search using the appropriate [GitHub issue search bar](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/filtering-and-searching-issues-and-pull-requests) because maybe you could already find the solution to your problem or you could verify that it is an already known problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before creating a new issue, please try searching through open issues using the [GitHub issue search bar](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/filtering-and-searching-issues-and-pull-requests). You might find the solution to your problem or you could verify that it is an already known problem.
```

We want a bug-free and best-performing project, that's why we take all reported issues to heart, but if we can't reproduce the issue, we won't have a way of locating and properly fixing it.

> Therefore, to solve the problem in the best possible way, it's mandatory to create a minimum repository that reproduces the problem itself, without superstructures, but with the least possible code explaining the error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, to solve the problem in the best possible way, please create a minimum repository that reproduces the problem itself, without any extra cruft, and with the least possible code explaining the error.
```

Without enough information to reproduce the issue, we will close it because we can't recreate and solve it.

### Submitting a Pull Request (PR)

#### Branch Organization

> We adopt trunk-based development therefore all Pull Requests are made to the main branch because we do not use separate branches for development or for the versions we release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We adopt [trunk-based development](https://trunkbaseddevelopment.com/) therefore all Pull Requests are made to the main branch because we do not use separate branches for development or for the versions we release.
```

Author: Yes, with the link is better 👍

#### Good first issue

The issues marked with [_Good first issue_](https://github.com/BuilderIO/qwik/issues?q=is:open+is:issue+label:%22good+first+issue%22) are a good starting point to familiarize yourself with the project.

> Before starting to solve the problem, please check with the maintainers that the issue is still to be solved and therefore your intervention will help. You can leave a comment in the issue to show that you intend to work on it and prevent other people from accidentally duplicating your effort.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before solving the problem, please check with the maintainers that the issue is still relevant. Please feel free to leave a comment on the issue to show your intention to work on it and prevent other people from accidentally duplicating your effort.
```

#### Sending a Pull Request

Before submitting a pull request, please consider the following guidelines:

- fork the repository into your own account
- in your forked repository, create a new branch: `git checkout -b my-branch main`
- make your changes/fixes

> - run `fmt` script to lint the code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- run `pnpm fmt` to lint the code
```

Author: is pnpm the official package manager? should I use yarn for example?

> - commit your code with a good commit message: `git commit -m "<my-message>"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- commit your code with a good commit message using [using "Commitizen"](#committing-using-commitizen)
```

- push your branch to GitHub: `git push origin my-branch`
- in GitHub, send a pull request to `BuilderIO:main`

> # CONTRIBUTING

Reviewer: maybe we need to change the title here to "Getting started" WDYT @gioboa ?

> ## Guidelines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Contributing to Qwik
```

Thank you for taking an interest in contributing to Qwik! 

> We appreciate you 🫶🏽  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We appreciate you! 🫶🏽  
```
Alternatively, you could use a period. You just want some punctuation there.

Below are the guidelines how to help in the best possible way.

### Submitting an Issue

> Before creating a new issue, please try searching through open issues using the [GitHub issue search bar](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/filtering-and-searching-issues-and-pull-requests). You might find the solution to your problem or you could verify that it is an already known problem.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before creating a new issue, please search through open issues using the [GitHub issue search bar](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/filtering-and-searching-issues-and-pull-requests). You might find the solution to your problem or you could verify that it is an already known problem.
```

We want a bug-free and best-performing project, that's why we take all reported issues to heart, but if we can't reproduce the issue, we won't have a way of locating and properly fixing it.

> Therefore, to solve the problem in the best possible way, please create a minimum repository that reproduces the problem itself, without any extra cruft, and with the least possible code explaining the error.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Therefore, to solve the problem in the best possible way, please create a minimal repository that reproduces the problem itself with the least possible code explaining and demonstrating the error.
```

Without enough information to reproduce the issue, we will close it because we can't recreate and solve it.

### Submitting a Pull Request (PR)

#### Branch Organization

> We adopt [trunk-based development](https://trunkbaseddevelopment.com/) therefore all Pull Requests are made to the main branch because we do not use separate branches for development or for the versions we release.

Reviewer 2: Thanks for linking to trunk-based development. Very helpful!

#### Good first issue

The issues marked with [_Good first issue_](https://github.com/BuilderIO/qwik/issues?q=is:open+is:issue+label:%22good+first+issue%22) are a good starting point to familiarize yourself with the project.

> Before solving the problem, please check with the maintainers that the issue is still relevant. Please feel free to leave a comment on the issue to show your intention to work on it and prevent other people from accidentally duplicating your effort.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before solving the problem, please check with the maintainers that the issue is still relevant. Feel free to leave a comment on the issue to show your intention to work on it and prevent other people from unintentionally duplicating your effort.
```

#### Sending a Pull Request

> Before submitting a pull request, please consider the following guidelines:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before submitting a pull request, consider the following guidelines:
```

> - fork the repository into your own account

Reviewer 2: Because each item in this list is a complete sentence, you could start each with a capital letter and end each with a period. Totally up to you, but if you decide to edit them, they'd be like this:
```suggestion
- Fork the repository into your own account.
```

Author: Thanks @kapunahelewong for reviewing this PR 👍

Author: I added capital letters and added a period in the items without an ending command

- In your forked repository, create a new branch: `git checkout -b my-branch main`
- Make your changes/fixes.
- Run `pnpm fmt` to lint the code.
- Commit your code with a good commit message using [using "Commitizen"](#committing-using-commitizen).
- Push your branch to GitHub: `git push origin my-branch`

> - In GitHub, send a pull request to `BuilderIO:main`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In GitHub, send a pull request to `BuilderIO:main`.

> If you aren't sure your PR is ready open it as a [draft](https://github.blog/2019-02-14-introducing-draft-pull-requests/) to make it clear to the maintainer.
```
